Libraries needed:
- Slick util
- Lwjgl

To set this up:
1. The needed library .jar and native files are should in 'lib'. Copy and paste the 'wizatarhelperlibs' folder into your project 'lib' folder.
2. Add this library .jar file into the 'wizatarhelperlibs' folder.
3. Add the required libraries into your project. In IntelliJ IDEA:
   a. Go to File > Project Structure
   b. Click on 'Libraries'
   c. Navigate to your 'lib' folder and select the 'wizatarhelperlibs' folder
   d. Press 'Open'
4. You are set!

There are some classes that should be always called via game loop. This includes:
- All individual com.wizatar08.helperlibrary.time.Timer instances you create should have the update() method called constantly.
- All individual com.wizatar08.helperlibrary.ui.UI instances should have the update() method called constantly.
- All individual com.wizatar08.helperlibrary.game.screenentity.Entity instances should have the update() method called constantly.
update() in com.wizatar08.helperlibrary.time.Clock and update() in beginGameLoop() com.wizatar08.helperlibrary.screen.Renderer are covered in com.wizatar08.helperlibrary.control.Control. It is a good idea to call that method when booting up your project.

Some features in this library needs to be set up when the program boots. Here is how they can be set up:

Setup for com.wizatar08.helperlibrary.lang.Lang:
Lang uses bundles to store all the keys and phrases in any language you need.
You must call the init() method when the program boots up. You can do this in two ways:
1. You set a default language and country
2. If your program has a settings option, you can put in the path of a .properties file (all paths should start with 'src/'). The file must have a 'lang' option.
Both options requires the location of the bundle used to store all the keys and phrases.

Setup for com.wizatar08.helperlibrary.visuals.Drawer:
If you want to draw text on the screen, you should set up a font to use. Do this by calling the setFont() method in com.wizatar08.helperlibrary.visuals.Drawer and passing in the path for a .ttf (Only TrueType fonts) file (all paths should start with 'src/').
You should also set the path you use to all your image resource files. Do this by calling setDefaultImagePath() and passing in the path from the src package as a String (all paths should start with 'src/').

Setup for com.wizatar08.helperlibrary.screen.Renderer:
Call the begin() method. This will set all the settings needed for the screen.